[TypeScript] Implement MultiLanguageLG in LocaleTemplateManager (#288)
southworks/botframework-solutions: docs/_docs/overview/whats-new/0.8-beta/migrate-existing-skills-to-0.8.md

        "botbuilder-dialogs": "^4.8.0",
        "botframework-config": "^4.8.0",
        "botframework-connector": "^4.8.0",

>         "botbuilder-lg": "4.8.0-preview",

Reviewer: I was thinking about this, but currently we are not using `botbuilder-lg` is Virtual Assistant and Skill, so we should remove tihs in both documents. My mistake.

Author: Should we make a note about _adding_ it?
Otherwise, we should also remove the mention of the changes in `index.ts`

Reviewer: Wait, both bots are not using `botbuilder-lg` I guess. `bot-solutions` is the one which uses `botbuilder-lg`. Can we verifiy that we updated the `package.json` of both bots with these changes? If not, this should be removed.

Author: Indeed, `"botbuilder-lg": "4.8.0-preview",` should be mentioned in bot-solutions instead of the samples. The `package.json` of the samples were **not** updated with botbuilder-lg.

I am going to remove the mentions of updating the package.json in the documentation. But I will leave the changes in the `index.ts`, as those changes are required if they use the updated bot-solutions.

Reviewer: Awesome!

Author: Commit updated

    The existing `MultiProviderAuthDialog` if used will automatically adapt to this change and no changes are required. As required you can switch to using the `OAuthPrompt` directly.

> ## LocaleTemplateEngineManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## LocaleTemplateManager
```

> ### TypeScript

Reviewer: I'd like to remove this TypeScript title, what do you think?

Author: Sure

    The existing `MultiProviderAuthDialog` if used will automatically adapt to this change and no changes are required. As required you can switch to using the `OAuthPrompt` directly.

## LocaleTemplateEngineManager
### TypeScript

The class `LocaleTemplateEngineManager` has been remamed to `LocaleTemplateManager` and its constructo has been slightly modified.

> 1. Make sure to name all the instances of `localeTemplateEngineManager` to `localeTemplateManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure to rename the instances of `localeTemplateEngineManager` to `localeTemplateManager`.
```
